Neologism installation manual.

= Introduction =

In this manual you can find information about how to install Neologism on your own server.


= Prerequisite =

Here a list of things that you will need to install Neologism:

  * Neologism is based on [http://drupal.org/ Drupal] which requires the following:
    * HTTP Server (such as Apache)
    * PHP 4.3.5 or 5.2
    * Database support - MySQL recommended.

See the [http://drupal.org/requirements Drupal requirements] for more details. If you already have a Drupal site, see the section below.


= Process =

1. [http://drupal.org/getting-started/5/install/create-database Create a database] for neologism.

2. Download the package and extract it on your server. A folder 'neologism' will be created which contains all the files for running Neologism.  

3. To install Neologism, browse to the location where the Neologism files are. For example, if you extracted the package in the root directory of your site, browse to http://yoursite.com/neologism. In the [http://drupal.org/getting-started/5/install/run-script installer], enter the name of the database you created, and the name/password to connect to the database.


= CleanURLs =
It is stronlgy recommended to enable the Clean URLs in order to have nice URLs in agreement with the best practices (link here). Clean URLs are not enabled by default because some servers do not support it. To see if your server supports if, browse to the admin section and click on Clean URLs (admin/settings/clean-urls). Run the test and if it works, enable the clean URLs.


= Using Neologism on an existing Drupal site =

A Neologism module for Drupal will be available soon.


= FAQ =
When checking out the code from google svn, you might need to change the permissions on the neologism files if Apache throw an error:

$ chmod -R g-w demo/