#summary How to add additional pages that provide further information about a vocabulary
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Adding pages with further information about a vocabulary =

For complex vocabularies, you may want to include a lot of content, such as examples, related tools, usage notes and so on. Here I describe how to move such content from the main vocabulary page to separate pages.

= Creating sub-pages for a vocabulary =

  # Log in and go to _Create Content » Page_.
  # Give the page a title and insert its content.
  # Optionally, expand the _URL path settings_ section of the page editing form and enter a path that is “below” the vocabulary, such as `myvocab/mypage`.
  # Link to the page from the main vocabulary page using a standard HTML link.

= Creating a menu of the sub-pages related to a vocabulary =

You can also create a dedicated navigation menu that lists all the pages related to one vocabulary. This requires the menu_block module, so you need to be able to install modules and have administrator privileges.

  # Install and enable the [http://drupal.org/project/menu_block menu_block] module
  # In _Administer » Site building » Menus_, go to the _Add menu_ tab and create a menu with name `vocabularies` and title “Vocabulary menu”.
  # Add an item “myvocab” with link to “myvocab”
  # Add more items as children of this item, for example “MyVocab Specification” with link “myvocab”, “Examples” with link “myvocab/examples”, and “Wiki” with link to “http://wiki.example/com/”.
  # Note that you can also add pages to menus from the page editing form, by expanding the “Menu settings” section.
  # In _Administer » Site building » Blocks_, click the “New menu block” button.
  # Select the following options:
    * Title: “See also”
    * Parent item: “Vocabulary menu” / “Root of Vocabulary menu”
    * Starting level: “2nd level (secondary)”
  # After the block is created, assign it to the right sidebar in the _Blocks_ admin screen.

This will show the menu in the right sidebar whenever you are on a page that belongs to the menu.

Optionally, you can set the _Page-specific visibility settings_ of the block to _Show if the following PHP code returns true_, and paste the following code:

{{{
<?php
module_load_include('module', 'menu_block');
$block = _menu_block_block_view(1);
return substr_count($block['content'], '<li') > 1;
?>
}}}

This will hide the menu if your vocabulary does not have at least two associated menu items, to prevent the showing of a menu that contains only a single item.